Throughout Jesus’ ministry,
he taught about God’s Kingdom
more than any other subject.
For centuries,
his followers have prayed
for that Kingdom to come.
But what is the Kingdom?
A kingdom is a type of government.
A government includes a ruler,
a seat of government,
a territory that is ruled over,
laws,
and citizens.
Sadly,
many human governments
fail to meet the needs of their people,
advancing their own interests instead.
In contrast, God’s Kingdom
has the perfect Ruler
—Jesus—
someone God himself chose to be King.
God also selects others
to be associate rulers with Jesus.
This Kingdom rules from heaven.
It receives its power and authority from God.
Its domain will include the whole earth,
eliminating problems caused by nationalism.
And anyone who obeys its laws
can be a citizen.
How will the Kingdom benefit its citizens?
When on earth,
Jesus showed through his miracles
what God’s Kingdom would do.
When Jesus calmed a storm,
he showed that as King
he will control earth’s natural forces,
solving environmental problems.
By miraculously feeding thousands,
he demonstrated that the Kingdom
will eliminate world hunger.
When Jesus healed the sick,
lame, deaf, and blind,
he gave us a preview of the perfect health
that all will enjoy under his rule.
And by resurrecting people,
he showed that through the Kingdom,
he will reverse death itself.
You may wonder,
‘When will God’s Kingdom rule the earth?
How can you support God’s Kingdom now?’
To learn more about what the Bible says
on this and many other topics,
go to jw.org.